applications: nrf_desktop: Non-volatile memory instead of flash in docs (#13225)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/nrf_desktop/doc/dfu.rst

Reviewer: Can you also cover the DFU lock module, dfu_mcumgr, settings_loader and general nRF Desktop documentation (main Readme)?

Also, remember to add one changelog entry for this change (e.g. "Changed the flash memory term to the non-volatile memory term to generalize the nRF Desktop documentation")

Author: Will be done under follow-up ticket: https://nordicsemi.atlassian.net/browse/NCSDK-24793

* `Partition preparation`_ - How the module prepares for receiving an image.

The firmware transfer operation can also be carried out either by the :ref:`nrf_desktop_ble_smp` or :ref:`nrf_desktop_dfu_mcumgr`.
Make sure that all enabled modules used for the firmware transfer operation use :ref:`nrf_desktop_dfu_lock` to synchronize non-volatile memory access.

> If a modules does not use the :ref:`nrf_desktop_dfu_lock`, the simultaneous modification of the data by the module and another application module would result in a broken image that would be rejected by the bootloader.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If a module does not use the :ref:`nrf_desktop_dfu_lock`, simultaneous modification of the data by the module and another application module results in a broken image that would be rejected by the bootloader.
```

Author: Changed to `may result` to make information more accurate

data
   Perform the set operation on this option to pass the chunk of the update image that should be stored at the current offset.

>    The data is initially buffered in RAM, and then it is written to the non-volatile memory partition after a fetch operation is performed on the ``sync`` option.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   The data is initially buffered in RAM, and then written to the non-volatile memory partition after a fetch operation is performed on the ``sync`` option.
```

   The update tool can fetch the ``sync`` option before starting the update process to see at which offset the update is to be restarted.

   Fetching the ``sync`` option also triggers moving the image data from the RAM buffer to non-volatile memory.

.. _dfu_bootloader_var:

module_variant
   Perform the fetch operation on this option to get the information about the bootloader variant that is being used on the device.

Writing data to non-volatile memory

> ===================================

Reviewer 3: Shouldn't the dfu_lock.rst also be updated (line no: 24). We have mention of flash memory.

Author: It will be updated in a separate PR.
